Update custom-dns.md (#8399)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/gateway-manager/dedicated-cloud-gateways/custom-dns.md

1. In {{site.konnect_short_name}}, open {% konnect_icon runtimes %} **Gateway Manager**, choose a control plane to open the **Overview** dashboard, then click **Custom Domains**.

2. Click the action menu on the end of the row you want to delete and click **Delete**.

> ## Custom Domain Attachment & CAA Record Issue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Custom domain attachment and CAA record troubleshooting
```

> If your custom domain attachment fails, check if your domain has a CAA record restricting certificate issuance. Dedicated Cloud Gateways uses GCP Public CA to provision SSL/TLS certificates. If your CAA record does not include the required CA, certificate issuance will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your custom domain attachment fails, check if your domain has a Certificate Authority Authorization (CAA) record restricting certificate issuance. Dedicated Cloud Gateways uses a Google Cloud Public CA to provision SSL/TLS certificates. If your CAA record doesn't include the required CA, certificate issuance will fail.
```

> Steps to Fix:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can resolve this issue by doing the following: 

```

> 1. Check existing CAA records
>     * Run: dig CAA yourdomain.com +short
>     * If a CAA record exists but doesn't allow GCP Public CA (pki.goog), update it.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Check existing CAA records by running `dig CAA yourdomain.com +short`. 
  If a CAA record exists but doesn't allow GCP Public CA (`pki.goog`), update it.   
```

> 2. Update the CAA record (if needed)
>     * yourdomain.com.    CAA    0 issue "pki.goog"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Update the CAA record, if needed. For example: `yourdomain.com.    CAA    0 issue "pki.goog"`
```

3. Wait for DNS propagation and retry attaching your domain.

> If no CAA record exists, no changes are needed. More details: [Let's Encrypt CAA Guide](https://letsencrypt.org/docs/caa/)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no CAA record exists, no changes are needed. For more information, see the [Let's Encrypt CAA Guide](https://letsencrypt.org/docs/caa/).
```
